---
title: Zelda 3
date: 2012-03-21
categories: [Project, GameMaker]
tags: [gamemaker, video game, demo, cancelled, zelda]
image: /assets/img-preview/gm-3.jpg
gm-game-idx: 3
---

As a The Legend of Zelda fan, why not making my own perfect version of the game ?

The previous project teach me that I needed to find game graphics online.
As I loved the esthetics of The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap,
I did reuse its game assets for my own project.

> The sound in this game is particularly loud. I recommend you to lower your volume before launching the game.
  Once the game started, feel free to mute all sounds in the menu after pressing `esc`.
{: .prompt-warning }

{% include gm-details.html width=480 %}

I spent so much time of this project, the assets were there,
but my lack of programming experience made me losing a lot of times on basic concepts.

If you try the demo, you will see that they were a lot of new ideas that were introduced.
There is actually a sub-world (which is another testing room) if your character touch the white spiral in the bottom left.
You will find there even more monsters! But don't worry, you are invincible.
If you kill monsters you will gain points that you can spend in the Menu.
But I didn't figure out how exit the menu, so once there you are stuck.
This is why there is some Menu buttons in the sub-world as some of them should work.

A first reason that made me give up is the hammer pictures that were offset.
To make a proper alignment, you generally set the alignment anchor point at the center of the object.
By default - and the way I let it - it is in the top left corner. As hammer picture are bigger vertically,
the offset is very big.
To solve the issue I could have reset the alignment center point for each Link's graphics which would itself be pretty
time-consuming. 
It would have asked even more time for align all the different other graphics that the character create like the sword, 
the arrows, the bombs. 
Without forgetting that it would be the case for all four directions that the character can face.

I finally gave up when I realised how much time it should take to create an entire world.
Even recreating the existing world would have taken me months.
I did figure out that if they were a whole team of developers, it was for a good reason!

Besides, I was pretty proud of my progress and did learn a lot of new thing with this project.
I decided to move on with another simpler idea learning from my mistake.
