---
title: Platform
date: 2012-09-09
categories: [Project, GameMaker]
tags: [gamemaker, video game, demo, shooter]
image: /assets/img-preview/gm-10.jpg
gm-game-idx: 10
---

Simple shooter game. Evil dark blocks falling down slowly destroying the ground.
Shoot them all for your life!

{% include gm-details.html %}

Control the weapon cross-hair with either your mouse or keyboard (or both in 2 player mode)
to destroy all this evil dark blocks.
The goal is to reach the highest score before the ground is destroyed.

Unfortunately, the demo for this game don't work as it have some errors.
It's pretty sad as it should in theory work on mobile pretty well!
{% comment %}
TODO: try temporary pay a license for re-exporting the game with new GM version in HTML 5?
 would be sad to don't have a demo as one of the rare that can be played on the phone
{% endcomment %}

When an evil block touch the bottom rectangle, it's color slowly fade to black.
Each destroyed block give a bonus of 10 points when destroyed.

Apart from the evil dark blocks, there is 2 other kind of elements that can fall:
 - The coins which give a big score bonus of 50. Nothing happens when it reaches the bottom ground, 
so it can be ignored if the situation is too risky
 - The friendly block, looking similar to their nemesis, they do blink with a cross on them. 
Shooting them make you lose points! In addition, of that when they touch the ground they release a "heart" that fill
up the bar at the bottom, when full, it increases the health of the ground. 
